Helm: update readme with 2.2 release notes link (#2497)
grafana/mimir: operations/helm/charts/mimir-distributed/README.md

Helm chart for deploying [Grafana Mimir](https://grafana.com/docs/mimir/v2.2.x/) or optionally [Grafana Enterprise Metrics](https://grafana.com/docs/enterprise-metrics/v2.2.x/) to Kubernetes. Derived from [Grafana Enterprise Metrics Helm Chart](https://github.com/grafana/helm-charts/blob/main/charts/enterprise-metrics/README.md)

> See the [Release Notes](https://grafana.com/docs/mimir/v2.2.x/release-notes/v2.2/) for changes from the previous version and instructions on how to upgrade from the previous version.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
See the [Grafana Mimir version 2.2 release notes](https://grafana.com/docs/mimir/v2.2.x/release-notes/v2.2/) and  [Upgrade the Grafana Mimir Helm chart from version 2.1 to 3.0](https://grafana.com/docs/mimir/latest/operators-guide/deploy-grafana-mimir/upgrade-helm-chart-2.1-to-3.0/).
```

helm install <cluster name> grafana/mimir-distributed --set 'enterprise.enabled=true' --set-file 'license.contents=./license.jwt'
```

### Upgrade from version 1.7 of Grafana Enterprise Metrics

> Please consult the [migration guide](https://grafana.com/docs/enterprise-metrics/v2.2.x/migrating-from-gem-1.7/) for details on how to prepare the configuration. Prepare a custom values file, with the contents:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To make the necessary configuration changes, see [Migrating from Grafana Enterprise Metrics 1.7](https://grafana.com/docs/enterprise-metrics/latest/migrating-from-gem-1.7/).
Prepare a custom-values file, with the contents:
```
Please vet this link.
